# Full-stack-development
#Architecture
There were several different frontend development structures used in this application. Express HTML, JavaScript, and SPAs are some to name. Each has their way of loading the webpage. Express uses a .hbs holders to help the application load faster, by not having everything on the page reloaded on a refresh. Javascript was used because the HTML portion couldn't load information from databases dynamically. Javascript allows us to do that, as well as adding different elements to the applicaiton. SPAs allow very fast loading, or user interaction, which would make them usefull for forms. The NoSQL MongoDB was used because of its controlled use and ease of access of a database.

#Functionality
JSON is different from Javascript in a few aspects. JSON has different syntax, for one, which makes it a little difficult if you miss a bracket somewhere. JSON is, also, a main way to store data, especially in a database. Therefore, it's universally accepted, making Javascript an easy way to parse and form data from JSON objects. This ties both ends, front and back, of the application because JSON is how backend data is created, stored, and updated for the frontend to access. 
One instance in which code was refactored to show functionality and efficiency is when the trips were moved into a card format. This made it easier for the user to access more trips in a cleaner way, as well as made editing the trips, as in the UI, easier. This, also, allowed the application to load portions of the webpage so the application didn't need to be all loaded at once. 

#Testing
API testing of endpoints was important for this application. It allows blocks the code to be tested without having to test the application as a whole. The main methods GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE were the requests this application used. With the requests coming in, the application feeds them to the database, which Javascript will handle, sending the data to the right Mongo request. An application like Postman is a great way to test these endpoints, as it can directly inject data, or send data to a specific URL. Security is then added so non-authorized users can't access it, otherwise this may causes severe issues. 

#Reflection
This course has helped me in many ways. Before this class, I didn't know much of how to build a web application, let alone link MongoDB to the application, aside from what was tought in the previous course. Right now, I'm thinking of many ways to create my own website for a game idea I have. Even if I can make it in a much simpler way, I'd rather do it this way to work on my skills and show that I can do this without needing to rely on a textbook for the code. It does feel like building a computer, though. Because all this code and modules have to work together in order for the applicaiton to work. And if one thing decides to not work, the whole applicaiton can crash. But that feeling you get when it works is a great one. "Look what I did!"

